we are super well I think that everyone
let's start the classes so I do not know
I had a better idea that you speak
again the video back to school
but you know super improved and updated
like some really good tips that are going to
help to be much better
so let's start at once
tip number 1 effort a little bit more in
buy all the supplies you 're going to
use so that you put lots of
more desire when studying
is in my backpack is a lot more
sober of colorism and simple is that
a point that is the black and the
camel and good is cloth and super
portable in truth so I love
in the first part I have the first
toilet paper pockets as you already
I said I have allergies my lips and for
supposedly black to be able to pay the
mobility of which I am going and the
another I have
my phone
and my hearing aids that is the most basic
and we do not have to do much and here
also the domestic ones and we open and ready
The first thing we have are my glasses
Sun my wallet in case I need some
document me cosmetiquera that has what
simplest really that has the most
simple has therefore the compact a rumor
a mascara
like a lip balm in this case is
the baby
the little arrow to steal
and a list to kill my hair for
If it was already taken loose and nothing else
that 's all I think the university that
does not go with a mask and with one side as if
that base or supports and nothing else my
cartridge belt that I'm really in love with
of my cartridge belt I love says big
hozone boyacá to be leaving this
part of the holster much more
close so they can see and well by trying more
simple
I bring a rubber jumper scissor in the
Ecuador
nor colored pencils like I had them
said to be able to take notes pairs
and some fossils just the easiest
now there are more basic I have this
booklet to take notes very
important are very punctual and I
I love them I'm going to leave you too
improvised here is super nice and
has the white sheets
and finally came to my notebook to
take notes that in this case no longer
has as many as five in the classroom and
also clouds the inclusion
and in the last pocket in here in
here what I bring is the charger of my
cellular with its two adapters one for
the car and the other to plug in normal
in an outlet and my memory
and nothing more
backpack this type number 2 looks for garments
Simple beautiful and comfortable to create
a better environment when studying
for example these shirts are very
easy to combine and you can
use with shorts or pants
besides these funny phrases that bring
Make your look a lot more
cheerful and fun
tip number 3
prepare a schedule or a task chart
as in this case I did something super
improvised that is from Monday to Saturday and
where I'm going to put all the
tasks or things that I have to do you'll see
that way you do not miss anything and you meet
with everything
tip number 4 either in class or at home
take notes of the most important just
of what you think is really
important because if not your notebook is
will fill many things and it will be done to you
much heavier to study remember
put it in colors or highlight it with
colors to make it easier if
are you investigating on the computer I
I recommend that you first take note of
the key parts and points very
important in your notebook after that
when you have read all the information
you can copy it and paste it to some
Word document and finally tip
number 5 seeks a clean environment
nice where you feel comfortable
and you like what you see around and
course very well ventilated and fresh
so that you can have a lot more
concentration and it does not stay so boring
study
I really like this video that
have helped and if they put in
practice can not can not
comment gave me and put me down here
I would also like to see what they want to see
the video of this goal that I have here that
They asked me what I actually am
super attentive to all my social networks
that as always I leave them under the
information caps are not in giving it
like the little engine here in red that
says to subscribe to be able to grow
much more as a family and if that
he liked it of course with previous
let's see that in the next video there
there's more so let's start with
this super tags is called helping
youtube and good the first question is
what motivated you to make videos on youtube
well I started always had this
idea to teach make up